enslaved odyssey of the West came out a
few weeks ago but I'm just now getting
around to finishing it I don't think
then slaved gathi all the hype and the
recognition that it deserved I think
most gamers when they had to decide
between slate or castlevania lords of
Shadow they went with Castlevania
because well it's Castlevania but I
think most of everybody out there that
did choose Castlevania over enslaved is
now realizing that that was a poor
decision because enslaved is awesome so
enslaved as a single player action
adventure game which kind of reminds me
of uncharted but on steroids the two
main characters are monkey and trip who
you learn to love really quickly just
the dynamic between them feels very
genuine it feels really real a trip I
loved right from the start I adored her
even though at the beginning she was a
bitch and she put the slave headband on
us but whatever you know I can i can
overlook that she's super cute and
there's just something vulnerable about
her that i really like i really love the
environments in enslaved it's really
quite stunning instead of looking
extremely realistic the game kind of
looks like a painting and I'm not sure
if that's on purpose or not but either
way I really really enjoy it each level
of the game or each area of the game is
super oversaturated so like the jungle
areas are extremely oversaturated with a
lot of green the greens are vibrant
they're very bold and bright there's
like this always a green fog laying over
everything and then the levels that are
super mechanical and they have you know
everything's just very industrial
looking the Reds and the oranges are
what stand out the most no but really
are deep and rich colors so overall I
thought the game was was really quite
beautiful so if you saw my review for
crackdown two a few months ago you'll
know that I kind of have a thing for
hunting Forbes so needless to say I was
thrilled when i found out that enslaved
used orb hunting as a way to upgrade
different aspects of the game so you can
collect these orbs and the orbs are
basically I guess you could kind of say
they're like experience points you
find them you get them when you kill
enemies and then you use them to unlock
and purchase upgrades like different
upgrades for health shield your combat
and your weapon so the overall game plan
controls felt really natural and fluid
as well they're very fine-tuned um I
love the animation of monkey when he
would jump like from ledge to ledge and
just overall really fighting out and
realizing how he got his name monkey
because he moves around like this great
big ape the only thing that frustrated
me at times was the camera the camera
felt a little bit too tight it didn't
give me the freedom or the control that
I wanted I kept trying to zoom out
because it just felt really tight and I
wasn't able to fully explore the world
like I wanted to also at times the game
could feel a little bit repetitive I
mean basically you're running through
the game the whole time beating up next
but they did throw in enough variables
like puzzles and like a racing type of
style of gameplay in there to keep me
thoroughly entertained overall I loved
enslaved I thought it was an excellent
game great story amazing characters I
just had a really really good time
playing through this game and I'm so
glad i didn't overlook it like I feel
like a lot of gamers did I highly
recommend it so what do you guys think
have you played enslaved yet were you
one of the ones that bought castlevania
lords of shadow over and slaved if you
did have you gotten to play enslaved yet
come on you guys have to play it's a
great game leave me a note you're in the
comments and let me know what you think